Israeli troops are continuing their
operation inside the territory's largest
hospital al-shifa Israel's prime
minister says that Hamas leaders fled
the hospital before Israeli troops
arrived speaking to CBS News in America
Mr Netanyahu said that there was no
firefight inside the hospital because
Hamas leaders had already
fled Israel insists there's a Hamas
Command Center at the site but hasn't
yet provided conclusive evidence
Benjamin netan who also said hostages
could have been moved from the hospital
Al midle correspondent yoland Nell
reports from Jerusalem the first
evidence of a tunnel at shiffer hospital
Israel's Army says but not the vast
underground Hamas Command Center which
it had said was hidden under the
building Hamas and Medics deny that's
here an Israeli soldier also shows a
hall of weapons said to have been found
in the compound we can't independently
verify this footage hundreds of
Palestinians including newborn babies
remain trapped at the hospital without
power meanwhile the body of yudit Vice
was found in a house nearby Israel's
military says she was one of about 240
hostages snatched by Hamas on the 7th of
October they'd believed more were here
we had strong indications that they were
held in the shifa hospital which is one
of the reasons we entered the hospital
uh if they were they were taken out we
have intelligence about the
hostages meanwhile in southern Gaza
where most of the strip's population was
told by Israel to take refuge conditions
are increasingly dire and Israel's told
tens of thousands more people to move
from their homes and shelters as it
looks to expand its offensive
here you want me to introduce myself I
have nothing to say I'm a citizen like
other citizens who fled South they asked
us the citizens of Gaza to go to the
South we went to the South now they're
asking us to leave where do we go go we
want to understand where exactly we
should
go for the first time in the war this
week Israel allowed a small amount of
fuel into Gaza for un vehicles but not
for telecoms firms hospitals or water
and sewage pumping un officials warn
they can't work if the fuel does not
come in people will start to die because
of the lack of
Stewart now exactly as from when I don't
know but it will be rather soon than
later and the UN says that from today no
humanitarian Aid will be able to enter
Gaza from the Rafa Crossing because of
the lack of fuel 6 weeks into this
brutal War there's no end in sight and
the humanitarian catastrophe is
deepening Yol anel BBC News Jerusalem